Added Readme.md for Portal pipeline and fixed minor issues in Pipeline (#287)
litmuschaos/litmus-e2e: Cypress/Readme.md

# End-To-End Tests for Litmus-Portal

**Litmus-Portal Pipeline** provides E2E test cases for Litmus-portal UI, which can be used for

> - Testing individual PRs in Litmus/Litmus-Helm Repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Testing individual PRs in [Litmus](http://github.com/litmuschaos/litmus)/[Litmus-Helm](https://github.com/litmuschaos/litmus-helm) Repositories
```

- Manual Tests
- Nightly builds

### Prerequisites And Framework

We use the End to End Testing Framework - **Cypress** for testing Litmus-Portal.
As Cypress is a npm package, for writing tests developers have to install LTS version of npm before writing tests.

> Litmus-Portal is a Cloud-native application, Developers need a cluster for deploying litmus-Portal. We advise our contributors to use KIND/K3S Clusters as they can be brought up and destroyed quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Litmus-Portal is a Cloud-native application that can be configured and managed easily. A developer needs to have a cluster for deploying litmus-Portal. We have used KIND/K3S Clusters to deploy portal in CI as their stable releases are generally recommended for CI usage in particular.
```

### Setup

> - Firstly we will need a cluster to deploy Litmus-Portal. Developers can use any K8s Cluster. For deploying Litmus-Portal, execute the below command -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Firstly we need a k8s cluster to deploy the litmus portal, users can use any K8s Cluster. After that, you need to run the following command to install portal:
```
